HEY, WHAT'S UP?
IS IT EGG-WICH DAY?!
AHH!
NO, JADEN,
JUST A LITTLE
LUNCHTIME TUSSLE.
A DUEL?
OH...
WELL WHO'S
THROWING DOWN?
WELL, ON THE LEFT
IS DIMITRI.
I NEVER
HEARD OF HIM.
AND WHO'S THE OTHER--
HUH?!
SYRUS?!
HEY THERE, JAY!
WHAT'S GOING ON, SY?
A HIGH STAKES DUEL!
CHECK IT OUT!
WHOA!
Syrus: YUGI'S DECK
IS GOING ON TOUR!
AND THE FIRST STOP
IS DUEL ACADEMY!
ISN'T THAT
THE COOLEST?!
YEAH, IT IS!
THE ORIGINAL
KING OF GAMES DECK?!
TO SEE IT WITH MY
VERY OWN EYES?!
YEAH, SO IF
I WIN THIS,
I GET--UH...
HELLO?
AW, MAN, I WAS AFRAID
THIS WOULD HAPPEN.
♪ CHILLING OUT WITH
THE CREW IN THE SCHOOLYARD ♪
♪ FINDING TROUBLE,
NEVER LOOKING TOO HARD ♪
♪ BACK AT CLASS,
THEY NEVER TAUGHT US THIS ♪
♪ SOME THINGS YOU GOTTA
LEARN HIT OR MISS ♪
♪ TOUGH TIMES, HARD CLIMBS ♪
♪ WE'LL TAKE 'EM ON
TOGETHER ♪
♪ RIGHT NOW ♪
♪ LET'S GO ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH GX ♪
♪ GENERATION NEXT ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, YOU BETTER
PLAY YOUR CARDS RIGHT ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ WE'LL MAKE THE GRADE
AND WIN THIS FIGHT ♪
♪ WE'LL MAKE THE GRADE SOMEHOW ♪
♪ YEAH, YU-GI-OH GX ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, YOU BETTER
PLAY YOUR CARDS RIGHT ♪
♪ COME ON AND GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
Jaden:
YUGI'S DECK HERE?!
I CAN'T BELIEVE IT!
IT'S A PIECE OF HISTORY!
ALL IT'S
BEEN THROUGH!
YEAH, JUST
THINK ABOUT IT!
Syrus: IT'S THE DECK
HE TOOK WITH HIM
TO DUELIST KINGDOM
WHERE HE DEFEATED PEGASUS--
THE GUY WHO INVENTED
DUEL MONSTERS!
Jaden: AND DON'T
FORGET BATTLE CITY
WHERE HE USED IT TO BEAT
SETO KAIBA AND MARIK!
I KNOW!
THE WAY HE USED THOSE
EGYPTIAN GOD CARDS!
AW, MAN! SO AMAZING!
WOW!
OF COURSE, THE DECK'S
NOT GOING ON TOUR
WITH THE EGYPTIAN GODS...
BUT IT WILL HAVE...
ALL THE OTHER CLASSICS!
I CAN'T WAIT!
IT'S GOING TO BE
THE NEATEST THING EVER!
WE HAVE TO GO!
WE GOTTA GO!
I'M WITH YA, SY!
SO, WHAT ARE YOU
DOING DUELING?!
LET'S GO GET TICKETS!
JADEN...
THAT'S WHY SYRUS
IS DUELING--
BECAUSE THERE'S ONLY
ONE TICKET LEFT!
AND WHOEVER WINS
GETS IT!
CAN YOU IMAGINE A DUEL
WITH A BETTER
PRIZE THAN THAT?
UH...
YEAH, ONE WITH
TWO TICKETS?
WHY, JAY?
DID YOU WANT TO BRING
A THIRD PERSON?
I MEAN, AFTER ALL...
I GOT MY
TICKET ALREADY.
SEE?
[GASP]
YOU'RE DUELING
FOR ME?!
OF COURSE, JADEN!
AND I'M GONNA WIN!
LET'S FINISH THIS!
Jaden: YOU'RE A PAL, SY!
GOOD LUCK!
MY TURN!
AND I PLAY
HEAVY STORM!
AND THAT, YOUNG
SCHOLAR, WILL DESTROY
ALL THE SPELL AND TRAP
CARDS ON THE FIELD!
HUH?
THAT SOUNDS FAMILIAR.
IT SHOULD.
DR. CROWLER PLAYED
THE SAME MOVE ON YOU.
OH, YEAH...
WHAT A COINCIDENCE.
[GASPS]
AND NOW, I'LL SACRIFICE
THE TWO WICKED TOKENS
THAT WERE CREATED...
AND SUMMON FORTH...
THE LEGENDARY
ANCIENT GEAR GOLEMN!
WHOA!
Jaden, thinking:
THIS IS TOTAL DEJA VU!
[CROWD GASPS]
ATTACK,
MECHANIZED MELEE!
NO SO FAST!
'CAUSE...
WHEN JETROID'S
ATTACKED,
HIS ABILITY ACTIVATES--
AN ABILITY THAT LET'S
ME PLAY A TRAP!
LIKE THIS!
MAGIC CYLINDER!
IT TAKES
MECHANIZED MELEE...
AND PUTS IT
IN REVERSE!
TIME-OUT!
[GASPS]
YEAH!
THAT'S HOW YOU DUEL!
SWEET MOVES!
YOU SENT
THAT GOLEMN TO
THE JUNKYARD!
WAY TO GO!
IT WAS EASY,
I'D ALREADY SEEN HOW YOU
BEAT DR. CROWLER'S.
AND SINCE DIMITRI
COPIED HIS DECK,
I KNEW EXACTLY
WHAT TO DO.
[LAUGHTER]
OH!
I ALMOST FORGOT!
HERE'S YOUR
TICKET, JADEN!
SY, YOU'RE THE BEST!
ALL RIGHT, EVERYONE!
THE SHOW'S OVER.
SO, GET BACK TO CLASS!
Boy: ANOTHER STUNNING
PERFORMANCE BY DIMITRI!
Second boy:
AS A RA YELLOW,
HE SHOULD HAVE DESTROYED
THAT SLIFER LOSER.
Third boy: GUESS COPYING
GREAT DUELISTS AND BEING ONE
ARE TWO VERY DIFFERENT THINGS.
WHAT A JOKE.
REALLY.
IT'S A WONDER
HE'S STILL HERE.
WELL, THEN...
I THINK THAT'S ABOUT
THE WORST OF IT.
SURE!
HUH?!
UNTIL THE NEXT
TIME I LOSE.
WELL, I'VE HAD IT!
HMM.
Dimitri: I DON'T GET IT!
IT DOESN'T MAKE SENSE!
I WATCH, AND I STUDY...
AND STILL, I LOSE!
[GRUNTS]
CROWLER'S DECK.
IT WAS JUST AS USELESS
AS ALL THE REST!
KAIBA'S OR ZANE'S...
IT DOESN'T MATTER
WHO I COPY!
I ALWAYS JUST LOSE!
WHAT IS THERE
LEFT TO DO?!
AFTER ALL, IF COPYING
THE GREATEST DUELISTS
IN THE WORLD
WON'T HELP ME WIN,
WHAT CAN?
HMM?
OF COURSE,
IT'S SO OBVIOUS...
BECOMING THE GREATEST DUELIST!
[SIGH]
Syrus: AND THEN I SAID,
"NO YOU DON'T, DIMITRI,
'CAUSE I'M PUTTING
YOUR MECHANIZED
MELEE IN REVERSE,"
LIKE THAT, BUT COOLER.
RIGHT, JAY?
WHAT?
JADEN, YOU'VE
BEEN STARING
AT YOUR CARDS
ALL NIGHT.
WHAT'S UP?
YUGI'S DECK,
I JUST CAN'T GET IT
OUT OF MY HEAD!
HUH?
WHY?
WHY?!
WHY DO YOU LIKE
GRILLED CHEESE?!
LOOK, I CAN'T WAIT
ANOTHER SECOND
TO CHECK OUT THOSE
LEGENDARY CARDS.
SO, WHO'S UP
FOR GOING WITH ME
TO THE EXHIBIT
RIGHT NOW?
WHILE THEY'RE
SETTING UP?
HEY, THAT'S AN IDEA.
I MEAN, THEN WE'LL
AVOID THE RUSH!
WAIT, SO I DUELED TO
GET THAT TICKET FOR YOU,
AND YOU AREN'T GOING
TO EVEN USE IT?
SYRUS!
WE'LL BE THE FIRST
IN LINE TOMORROW, TOO!
HMM.
COME ON!
Man: ALL RIGHT,
MR. CROWLER--
DOCTOR!
DR. CROWLER.
WE'RE FINISHED
SETTING UP.
HERE'S THE KEY TO
THE DISPLAY CASE
AND THE EXHIBIT
HALL.
THANKS AGAIN FOR
LETTING US OFF EARLY.
WE'LL SEE YOU
BRIGHT AND EARLY
TOMORROW MORNING
FOR THE BIG OPENING!
HAVE A GOOD ONE,
MISTER--DOCTOR, ER...
NIGHT, SIR.
YES, GOOD NIGHT,
GOOD NIGHT.
[GIGGLE]
QUITE A GOOD NIGHT!
AFTER ALL,
HOW MANY EVENINGS
CAN ONE SAY
THAT THEY ARE IN
THE PRESENCE OF GREATNESS...
OF THE WORLD'S MOST
FAMOUS DUELING DECK!
[HUMMING]
THAT'S NOT THERE?!
Guard: YOU KNOW,
I DIDN'T KNOW
HE WAS A DOCTOR.
Second guard: I DIDN'T
KNOW HE WAS A DUDE.
HURRY UP, CHUMLEY!
OH! BASTION?
JADEN?
[CHUCKLES]
FANCY MEETING
YOU HERE.
TAKING A SNEAK PEAK
OF THE DECK,?
I GUESS GREAT
MINDS THINK ALIKE!
[DISTANT SCREAM]
HUH?!
HUH?
YOU HEAR THAT?
SURE DID!
SOMEONE'S
IN TROUBLE!
LET'S GO HELP HER!
[SCREAMS]
CROWLER?
THE DISPLAY CASE!
Chumley: HE STOLE
YUGI'S DECK.
Syrus: WHY'D YOU DO IT,
DR. CROWLER?
NO, WAIT, I--
LET'S GET
CHANCELLOR SHEPPARD!
NO!
[GRUNTS]
HEY, WHAT GIVES?
I KNOW THIS
LOOKS BAD....
BUT BELIEVE ME,
I DIDN'T STEAL THE DECK.
THEN WHO DID?
YOU WERE THE ONLY
ONE HERE, DR. CROWLER.
STANDING
RIGHT NEXT
TO THE CASE.
THEN SEARCH ME!
PLEASE!
GO AHEAD!
YOU KNOW,
IT COULD BE 'CAUSE
I DON'T WANT
TO SEARCH HIM...
BUT I THINK THAT
I ACTUALLY BELIEVE
WHAT DR. CROWLER
IS SAYING.
[GASP]
YES, YES, YOU'RE NOT
SO DIM AFTER ALL!
WHICH WOULD MEAN
THE REAL THIEF'S
STILL OUT THERE!
MM-HMM.
UH-HUH.
LET'S SPLIT UP!
YES, GOOD CALL!
WE MUST FIND
THIS WRONG-DOER!
THIS PILLAGER!
AND WHEN I SAY "WE,"
I MEAN YOU.
AND IT'S DONE...
NOW, THAT I HAVE
THE GREATEST DECK,
I'LL BE THE GREATEST
DUELIST!
[CHUCKLES]
[GASPS]
HEY!
SOMEONE JUST
STOLE YUGI'S DECK!
KNOW ANYTHING?
STOLE?
WHAT DO YOU MEAN?
THIS IS MY DECK!
IF YOU DON'T BELIEVE ME,
WHY DON'T YOU GO AHEAD
AND LET ME SHOW YOU--
RIGHT HERE, RIGHT NOW!
AW, MAN...
[GROANS]
DORMS ARE CLEAR.
SO ARE
THE CLASSROOMS.
[SYRUS SCREAMS]
All: HUH?!
THAT WAS SYRUS!
[GROANING]
HA!
AH, YES!
IT'S GOOD TO BE
THE KING OF GAMES!
[LAUGHS]
SYRUS,
WHAT HAPPENED?
HE HAS IT.
YUGI'S
DUELING DECK...
Jaden: HUH?!
OH!
AND HE BEAT
ME WITH IT...
Jaden: ALL RIGHT,
YOU THIEF...
YOU'VE HAD YOUR FUN,
BUT NOW IT'S OVER!
HAND OVER THE DECK
RIGHT NOW, DIMITRI!
HA!
DIMITRI?
YEAH!
I'M AFRAID THAT
YOU'RE MISTAKEN.
I'M YUGI!
DIMITRI'S JUST
SOME CHILD
WHO WOULD STUDY
OTHER PEOPLE'S DECKS
THEN COPY THEM.
YOU SEE...
WITH THESE CARDS,
I'M NOT COPYING
THE KING OF GAMES...
I TRULY AM
THE KING OF GAMES!
AND IF YOU WANT
THIS DECK BACK,
YOU'LL HAVE TO
PROVE I'M NOT!
YOU'VE REALLY GONE
OFF THE DEEP END.
STILL, I NEVER BACK
DOWN FROM A CHALLENGE!
GOOD.
SO, LET'S GO.
JADEN
HA!
[SCREAMS]
GET YOUR GAME ON!
IT'S TIME TO DUEL!
ALL RIGHT,
HERE I COME.
FIRST OFF...
I PLAY ELEMENTAL
HERO BURSTINATRIX
IN DEFENSE MODE!
[SCREECHES]
AND THAT'LL DO.
WILL IT?
[GRUNTS]
I FUSE GAZELLE, THE KING
OF MYTHICAL BEASTS
AND BERFOMET...
TO CREATE CHIMERA,
THE FLYING
MYTHICAL BEAST!
[ROARING]
UH-OH.
THIS ISN'T
GONNA BE PRETTY.
[GASPING]
ATTACK!
PULVERIZING POUNCE!
[GRUNTS]
SYRUS, YOU JUST
DUELED THIS GUY.
GOT ANY ADVICE
TO BEAT HIM?
NONE!
I TRIED EVERYTHING,
BUT NOTHING WORKED!
[GROANS]
SO, THEN WHAT ARE
YOU SAYING, SYRUS?
THAT JADEN DOESN'T
HAVE A CHANCE HERE?!
I'M SAYING AGAINST
YUGI'S DECK,
THAT'S A POSSIBILITY.
IT'S MORE THAN THAT.
Both: HUH?
YOU SEE, DIMITRI'S
A COPYCAT DUELIST,
SO IN ORDER
TO DEFEAT HIM...
YOU MUST EXPLOIT
THE FAILINGS
OF WHOEVER
HE'S COPYING--
AS YOU DID WHEN YOU FIRST
DUELED DIMITRI, SYRUS.
YOU KNEW HE WAS COPYING
CROWLER'S DECK,
AND YOU KNEW WHAT
ITS WEAKNESSES WERE.
THAT'S HOW YOU WON.
BUT THE PROBLEM IS
NOW HE'S COPYING YUGI--
A DUELIST
WHOSE WEAKNESSES
ARE NOT SO WELL KNOWN--
THAT IS, IF HE
HAS ANY AT ALL.
YOU SEE, THERE
IS NO SET FORMULA
ON HOW TO BEAT
THE KING OF GAMES,
SO THEREFORE THERE
IS NO SET FORMULA
ON HOW TO BEAT
DIMITRI NOW.
OH.
ALL RIGHT...
SO, YOU LIKE FUSING
MONSTERS, DO YOU?
WELL, THEN...
YOU'LL LOVE THIS!
ELEMENTAL
HEROES SPARKMAN
AND CLAYMAN
COMBINE TO CREATE...
ELEMENTAL HERO
THUNDER GIANT!
[ROAR]
AND NOW I'M GONNA USE
HIS SPECIAL ABILITY!
HA!
IT LET'S ME
DESTROY A MONSTER
WHOSE ORIGINAL
ATTACK POINTS
ARE LESS THAN HIS OWN!
[GRUNTS]
NICE ABILITY...
NOW, LET ME
SHOW YOU MINE!
WHEN CHIMERA'S DESTROYED,
I'M ALLOWED TO
SUMMON BACK BERFOMET
FROM THE GRAVEYARD.
[ROAR]
YEAH, WELL HE WON'T
BE BACK FOR VERY LONG!
THUNDER GIANT, ATTACK!
VOLTIC THUNDER!
[GRUNTS]
[THINKING]
THAT ABILITY SAVED
HIS LIFE POINTS
FROM TAKING A BIG HIT.
THAT DECK'S LIVING
UP TO THE HYPE!
ALL RIGHT.
FOR MY TURN, I PLACE
ONE CARD FACEDOWN...
AND PLAY THIS--
MONSTER REINCARNATION.
NOW, BY DISCARDING
ONE CARD...
I GET BACK ONE MONSTER
FROM MY GRAVEYARD...
GAZELLE, THE KING
OF MYTHICAL BEASTS,
RETURN!
[ROAR]
AND NOW...
I ACTIVATE THE MAGIC CARD,
SWORDS OF
REVEALING LIGHT!
[GROWLS]
HEY, WHAT'S
HAPPENING?
NOT YOUR ATTACKS,
THAT'S WHAT!
FOR 3 TURNS, YOUR
MONSTERS ARE USELESS.
3 TURNS?!
I GOTTA FIND A WAY
TO BREAK THAT SPELL!
[GROWLS]
GO, DARK CATAPULTER!
WHAT A
LICIUOS MOVE!
DARK CATAPULTER HAS
A SPECIAL ABILITY
THAT WILL LET
JADEN DESTROY
DIMITRI'S SWORDS
SPELL CARD!
YES, BUT NOT
UNTIL NEXT ROUND,
AND CATAPULTER WON'T
BE AROUND THAT LONG!
[GROWLS]
BECAUSE I HAVE
A TRAP CARD OUT--
DARK RENEWAL--
IT ACTIVATES WHEN
YOU MAKE A SUMMONING.
NOW, BY SACRIFICING
ONE OF YOUR MONSTERS
AS WELL AS ONE
OF MY OWN...
I CAN BRING BACK
A SPELL-CASTER MONSTER
FROM THE GRAVEYARD!
IT'S TOO BAD YOU DON'T
HAVE ANY THERE THEN.
BY MY COUNT,
THE ONLY TWO MONSTERS
IN YOUR GRAVE ARE
CHIMERA AND BERFOMET.
THEN YOU MAY WANT TO
DOUBLE-CHECK YOUR WORK--
REMEMBER WHEN I PLAYED
MONSTER REINCARNATION?
[GASPS]
NOW, BY DISCARDING
ONE CARD...
I GET BACK ONE MONSTER
FROM MY GRAVEYARD.
OH, YEAH.
HMM.
NOW, TO BRING BACK
THAT SPELL-CASTER...
ALL RIGHT, GAZELLE
AND CATAPULTER...
MAKE SOME ROOM FOR
THE ONE, THE ONLY...
MY FRIEND...
DARK MAGICIAN!
I AM STAR-STRUCK!
THE DARK MAGICIAN
IS LIKE THE HEADLINER
OF YUGI'S ENTIRE DECK!
THINK HE'LL GIVE
AN AUTOGRAPH?
BOY, I WISH I'D
BROUGHT MY CAMERA.
[THINKING]
WELL-PLAYED.
I DOUBT YUGI COULD HAVE
DONE IT BETTER HIMSELF.
DIMITRI'S COPYING
HIM PERFECTLY...
AND THAT'S NOT
GOOD FOR JADEN.
WELL, THUNDER GIANT,
YOU MAY NOT BE ABLE
TO ATTACK YET,
BUT YOU CAN
STILL DEFEND!
AND THAT'S
EXACTLY WHAT
I'M GOING TO HAVE
YOU DO, BUDDY!
YOU'RE GO,
DIMITRI.
THAT'S YUGI.
AND I'M CHOOSE
TO PLAY...
THE MAGIC CARD
THOUSAND KNIVES!
AND WHEN
I ACTIVATE IT
WITH DARK MAGICIAN
ON THE FIELD,
THEY CAN BE
USED TO DESTROY
ANY ONE OF
YOUR MONSTERS!
[GROWLS]
[GRUNTS]
Syrus: AW...
JADEN'S THUNDER GIANT
JUST GOT CUT DOWN TO SIZE!
SIZE ZERO MAYBE
'CAUSE HE'S GONE!
STILL STAR-STRUCK?
WELL, HERE, LET'S SEE HOW
YOU LIKE GETTING STRUCK...
BY YOUR STAR!
DARK MAGICIAN,
DARK MAGIC ATTACK!
[SCREAMS]
OH, NO!
JADEN!
THAT HURT.
GIVE UP?
NEVER!
THAT'S THE SPIRIT!
NEVER GIVE UP,
ALWAYS BELIEVE IN
THE HEART OF THE CARDS!
THAT'S WHAT I SAY...
YEAH, YEAH...
THE HEART OF
THE CARDS, SURE...
[THINKING]
IT'S HIS CARDS
I'M WORRIED ABOUT.
EITHER I BEAT 'EM,
OR WE LOSE 'EM!
[THINKING]
ALL RIGHT, JADEN,
TIME TO GET
YOUR GAME ON.
HERE GOES SOMETHING!
I HOPE.
WROUGHTWEILER
IN DEFENSIVE MODE.
AND THAT'S IT.
WELL, WELL...
THERE MAY BE
NO KNOWN BLUEPRINT
TO DEFEAT YUGI, BUT...
JADEN'S STILL TRYING
TO DESIGN ONE.
AND IF MY
HUNCH IS RIGHT,
WHAT HE'S PLANNING
MIGHT WORK.
DON'T FORGET,
WITH SWORDS OF LIGHT OUT,
YOU STILL CAN'T ATTACK!
BUT I CAN!
DARK MAGICIAN,
DARK MAGIC ATTACK!
HEY, CONGRATS!
YOU'VE JUST ACTIVATED
WROUGHTWEILER'S
SPECIAL ABILITY!
YOU SEE, ONCE HE'S SENT
TO THE GRAVEYARD,
I GET TO BRING BACK
AN ELEMENTAL HERO
AND POLYMERIZATION.
WAY TO PLAY!
YOU REALLY SHOW PROMISE!
THIS GUY IS REALLY
STARTING TO BUG ME!
RISE, BURSTINATRIX!
[SHRIEKS]
THEN I'M GONNA
THROW DOWN
A FACEDOWN
AND CALL IT A TURN.
[THINKING]
BURSTINATRIX IS TOUGH,
BUT SHE'S STILL NO MATCH
FOR DARK MAGICIAN.
THERE'S ONLY ONE MONSTER
IN MY DECK RIGHT NOW
THAT HAS MORE ATTACK
POINTS THAN HIM...
ELEMENTAL HERO
BLADEDGE WITH 2,600.
EITHER I SUMMON HIM
OR I LOSE THIS DUEL.
WELL, IT'S BEEN
3 TURNS NOW.
THEN THAT MEANS
NO MORE SWORD
OF REVEALING LIGHT!
JADEN, DO YOU
HEAR THAT?!
THE SPELL'S OVER!
YOU CAN ATTACK
NEXT TURN!
HA!
THAT'S ASSUMING
THAT JADEN EVEN
HAS A NEXT TURN!
DARK MAGICIAN,
ATTACK, HERO
BURSTINATRIX!
NOT SO FAST,
DIMITRI!
I PLAYED A TRAP--
A HERO EMERGES!
AND IT ACTIVATES
AS SOON AS YOU
DECLARE AN ATTACK!
NOW, YOU HAVE TO PICK
A CARD AT RANDOM
FROM MY HAND,
AND IF IT'S A MONSTER,
I GET TO SUMMON
IT TO THE FIELD!
NOW, CHOOSE!
SO BE IT...
I CHOOSE...
THE FAR LEFT...
GOOD CHOICE...
FOR ME, THAT IS!
COME ON OUT,
BLADEDGE!
ALL RIGHT!
NOW JAY'S GOT
A MONSTER
THAT CAN STAND UP TO
THE DARK MAGICIAN!
AND EVERY OTHER MONSTER
IN YUGI'S DECK,
AFTER ALL...
WITH NO EGYPTIAN
GOD CARDS...
THAT DARK MAGICIAN
IS THE STRONGEST
CARD DIMITRI HAS.
[DIMITRI CHUCKLES]
HUH?
SORRY.
BUT I COULDN'T HELP BUT
OVERHEAR YOUR FRIENDS.
THEY'RE QUITE WRONG.
WHAT?!
IT'S TRUE THAT
DARK MAGICIAN
IS THE STRONGEST MONSTER
CARD IN MY DECK...
BUT AS A DUELIST,
YOU MUST KNOW
THAT IT'S RARELY
JUST ABOUT THE CARD...
IT'S WHAT YOU DO WITH IT.
AND WHAT I'M GOING
TO DO IS PLAY THIS:
DEDICATION THROUGH
LIGHT AND DARKNESS.
IT TAKES DARK MAGICIAN
AND TURNS HIM INTO
SOMETHING EVEN
MORE POWERFUL!
THE LEGENDARY...
DARK MAGICIAN
OF CHAOS!
Syrus: OF CHAOS?!
Chumley: BOY,
THAT DOESN'T
SOUND GOOD.
YES, WELL,
IT'S NOT.
IT'S ONE OF THE MIGHTIEST
CREATURES YOU'LL EVER SEE.
THAT'S RIGHT.
AND I'M ABOUT TO UNLEASH
HIM ON YOU, JADEN!
CHAOS MAGICIAN, RISE!
NOW, JUST BY SUCCESSFULLY
SUMMONING HIM...
I'M ALLOWED TO
BRING ONE MAGIC CARD
FROM MY GRAVEYARD
TO MY HAND.
OH, AND IN CASE YOU
HAVEN'T DONE THE MATH YET,
BLADEDGE DOESN'T
HAVE THE MOST ATTACK
POINTS ANYMORE.
CHAOS MAGICIAN DOES!
[GASPS]
2,800?!
YES!
NOW, WATCH THEM
ALL IN ACTION!
SCEPTER STRIKE!
[GRUNTING]
JUST FACE IT...
THIS DECK AND I
FIT PERFECTLY.
ALWAYS HAVE,
ALWAYS WILL.
NOT IF I CAN HELP IT!
[THINKING]
OF COURSE,
TO BE HONEST,
I DON'T KNOW IF I CAN...
AGAINST THE KING
OF GAMES...
GETTING YOUR GAME ON
MAY NOT BE ENOUGH!